
# Meeting Notes
## Week 1 05/06

[PROPOSAL VIDEO LINK](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-VxUgaUnzCPCcKYwoCQ0ZaxsHoyGm-2P/view?usp=sharing)

### Group discussion:
- Regular meeting time: Wednesday 8pm-9pm PST
- Programming language: Python
- Project Ideas:
	- Keylogger  (✓）
	- Intrusion precention system (x)
	- Measure the number of vulnerable printers on campus (x)

### Action Items:
Marco:  
- Last week : Requirements gathering, Research, Proposal write-up
- This week: User level keylogger
- Blocked

Nan Chen:
- Last week:  Requirements gathering, Research
- This week: Set up server, SMTP modules
- Blocked

Hiroya:

- Last week : Requirements gathering, Research
- This week: User level keylogger
- Blocked


Lea: 

- Last week :  Requirements gathering, Research
- This week: Front-end for keylogger
- Blocked

